# Copyrights.txt
# -*- encoding: UTF-8 -*-

*** Kurinto Font Folio v2.197 [Full] - Copyrights

This information should be distributed along with the Kurinto fonts as well as
distributions of any derivative works. If you modify this font software, please
include this file and augment the information as appropriate.

The following copyright statements and licenses apply to the Font Software
components that are distributed with Kurinto v2.197.

In many cases, the license is contained in a separate text file. These
LICENSE_*.txt files are in the /Licenses subdirectory of this distribution.


Copyright ©2017-2021, Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com),
with Reserved Font Name Kurinto.

This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License Version 1.1,
which is available in the OFL.txt file and is also available with an FAQ at
http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.

** OFL 1.1

This Font Software incorporates third-party Font Software packages that are
licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1, provided in the
LICENSE_OFL_v1.1.txt file, and that have these copyright statements:

  Copyright (c) 1995-2017, SIL International (www.sil.org) with Reserved Font
  Name "Heritage". This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font
  License, Version 1.1.
  [Tai Heritage Pro (v2.6 - 2017-10-04)]
  
  Copyright (c) 1997-2014, SIL International (http://www.sil.org/) with
  Reserved Font Names "Charis" and "SIL". This Font Software is licensed under
  the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Charis SIL (v5.0 - 2014-10-24)]
  
  Copyright (c) 1998-2011 SIL International (http://www.sil.org/), with
  Reserved Font Name "SIL". This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open
  Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Dai Banna SIL (v2.2 - 2011-02-21)]
  
  Copyright (c) 1998-2018 by Peter S. Baker. Licensed under the SIL Open Font
  License, version 1.1.
  [Junicode (v1.002 - 2020-07-24)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American
  Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American
  Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The
  Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc.  Portions copyright
  (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc.  Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier,
  Inc.	All rights reserved. As a condition for receiving these fonts at no
  charge, each person downloading the fonts must agree to some simple license
  terms. The license is based on the SIL Open Font License
  <http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL>. The SIL
  License is a free and open source license specifically designed for fonts and
  related software. The basic terms are that the recipient will not remove the
  copyright and trademark statements from the fonts and that, if the person
  decides to create a derivative work based on the STIX Fonts but incorporating
  some changes or enhancements, the derivative work ("Modified Version") will
  carry a different name. The copyright and trademark restrictions are part of
  the agreement between the STI Pub companies and the typeface designer. The
  "renaming" restriction results from the desire of the STI Pub companies to
  assure that the STIX Fonts will continue to function in a predictable fashion
  for all that use them. No copy of one or more of the individual Font
  typefaces that form the STIX Fonts(TM) set may be sold by itself, but other
  than this one restriction, licensees are free to sell the fonts either
  separately or as part of a package that combines other software or fonts with
  this font set.
  [STIX (v1.1 - 2020-02-13)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2001-2018 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American
  Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American
  Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The
  Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc.  Portions copyright
  (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc.  Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier,
  Inc.	All rights reserved. As a condition for receiving these fonts at no
  charge, each person downloading the fonts must agree to some simple license
  terms. The license is based on the SIL Open Font License
  <http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL>. The SIL
  License is a free and open source license specifically designed for fonts and
  related software. The basic terms are that the recipient will not remove the
  copyright and trademark statements from the fonts and that, if the person
  decides to create a derivative work based on the STIX Fonts but incorporating
  some changes or enhancements, the derivative work ("Modified Version") will
  carry a different name. The copyright and trademark restrictions are part of
  the agreement between the STI Pub companies and the typeface designer. The
  "renaming" restriction results from the desire of the STI Pub companies to
  assure that the STIX Fonts will continue to function in a predictable fashion
  for all that use them. No copy of one or more of the individual Font
  typefaces that form the STIX Fonts(TM) set may be sold by itself, but other
  than this one restriction, licensees are free to sell the fonts either
  separately or as part of a package that combines other software or fonts with
  this font set.
  [STIX Two Text (v2.02 - 2020-06-19)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2002-2011 by David J. Perry (http://scholarsfonts.net), with
  Reserved Font Name Cardo.  This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open
  Font License, Version 1.1.  This license is available with a FAQ at:
  http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [Cardo (v1.045 - 2011-04-20)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2003-2014, SIL International (http://www.sil.org/) with
  Reserved Font Names "Gentium" and "SIL". This Font Software is licensed under
  the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Gentium Plus (v5.0 - 2014-10-25)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2007-2014, SIL International (http://www.sil.org/) with
  Reserved Font Names "Annapurna" and "SIL". This Font Software is licensed
  under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Annapurna SIL (v1.203 - 2017-12-08)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2008-2012, Bemby Bantara Narendra (bembybantara@gmail.com).
  This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  This license is available with a FAQ at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [Aksara Bali Galang (v1.0 - 2012-11-12)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2008-2012, I Made Suatjana (62-361-427520). This Font Software
  is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is
  available with a FAQ at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [Aksara Bali Galang (v1.0 - 2012-11-12)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2008-2019 Kreative Software, with Reserved Font Names
  "Kreative" and "Constructium". This Font Software is licensed under the SIL
  Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is licensed under the SIL
  Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  This license is available with a FAQ at:
  http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [Constructium (v1.13 - 2019-12-08)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2010-2013 by tyPoland Lukasz Dziedzic with Reserved Font Name
  "Carlito". Licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1
  (http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).
  [Carlito (v1.103 - 2013-08-12)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2010-2017, Khaled Hosny <khaledhosny@eglug.org>. This Font
  Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font
  Software is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
  OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Amiri (v0.112 - 1970-01-01)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2010-2019, Khaled Hosny <khaledhosny@eglug.org>._x000D_.
  [Amiri Quran Colored (v0.112 - 1970-01-01)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2013 Quote-Unquote Apps. Copyright (c) 2013, Quote-Unquote Apps
  (http://quoteunquoteapps.com), with Reserved Font Name Courier Prime.
  [Courier Prime (v1.203 - 2020-05-23)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2013, Quote-Unquote Apps (http://quoteunquoteapps.com), with
  Reserved Font Name Courier Prime. This Font Software is licensed under the
  SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Courier Prime (v1.203 - 2018-10-31)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2015 Indian Type Foundry (info@indiantypefoundry.com). This
  Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This
  license is available with a FAQ at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [Hind Siliguri (v1.001 - 2017-05-05)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2015, Paul James Miller with Reserved Font Name Kelvinch. This
  Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Kelvinch (v3.4 - 2020-06-19)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Kreative Software, with Reserved Font Names
  "Kreative", "Fairfax", and "Fairfax HD". This Font Software is licensed under
  the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is licensed under
  the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Fairfax HD (v2020.05 - 2020-05-08)]
  
  Copyright (c) 2019, Fredrick Brennan <copypaste @ kittens . ph>. This font is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, v 1.1.
  [Chomsky (v1.33 - 2020-06-19)]
  
  Copyright 2010 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Arimo (v1.32 - 2015-11-04), Cousine (v1.22 - 2015-09-23), Tinos (v1.32 -
  2015-11-04)]
  
  Copyright 2013 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Noto Sans Gujarati (v1.03 - 2015-09-23), Noto Sans Gurmukhi (v1.03 -
  2016-03-10), Noto Sans Mongolian (v1.04 - 2015-09-23), Noto Sans Tai Tham
  (v1.04 - 2015-12-29), Noto Sans Telugu (v1.05 - 2015-09-23)]
  
  Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
  [Noto Sans Mono (v2.002 - 2020-06-16)]
  
  Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Noto Sans Arabic (v2.0 - 2019-10-23), Noto Sans Devanagari (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans Georgian (v2.0 - 2018-12-20), Noto Sans Oriya (v1.01 -
  2015-09-23), Noto Sans Tibetan (v1.01 - 2015-09-23), Noto Serif (v2.001 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Serif Georgian (v2.0 - 2018-12-20)]
  
  Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Noto Sans Armenian (v2.04 - 2018-12-20), Noto Sans Cherokee (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans Sinhala (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Thai (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Serif Armenian (v2.04 - 2018-12-20), Noto Serif Devanagari
  (v1.01 - 2016-05-31), Noto Serif Myanmar (v2.001 - 2018-10-19), Noto Serif
  Sinhala (v2.001 - 2018-10-19), Noto Serif Telugu (v1.01 - 2016-05-27), Noto
  Serif Thai (v2.0 - 2018-10-19)]
  
  Copyright 2016 The Jura Font Project Authors (daniel@danieljohnson.name).
  This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  This license is available with a FAQ at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [Jura (v5.101 - 2017-03-07)]
  
  Copyright 2017 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Noto Sans Adlam (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Avestan (v2.0 - 2018-10-19),
  Noto Sans Bamum (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Bassa Vah (v2.0 - 2018-10-19),
  Noto Sans Batak (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Bhaiksuki (v2.0 - 2018-10-19),
  Noto Sans Buginese (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Buhid (v2.0 - 2018-10-19),
  Noto Sans Chakma (v2.001 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Cham (v2.0 - 2018-10-19),
  Noto Sans Gothic (v2.0 - 2019-10-23), Noto Sans Hanunoo (v2.0 - 2018-10-19),
  Noto Sans ImpAramaic (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans InsPahlavi (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans InsParthi (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Kaithi (v2.0
  - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Lao (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Lepcha (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans Mandaic (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Marchen (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans MeeteiMayek (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Mende
  Kikakui (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Miao (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans
  N'Ko (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Ol Chiki (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans
  Old Permic (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Osage (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto
  Sans Pahawh Hmong (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans PauCinHau (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans PhagsPa (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Rejang (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans Samaritan (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Saurashtra
  (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Sundanese (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans
  Tagalog (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Tagbanwa (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto
  Sans Vai (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Yi (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Serif
  Gujarati (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Serif Gurmukhi (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto
  Serif Kannada (v2.001 - 2018-10-19), Noto Serif Lao (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto
  Serif Tamil (v2.0 - 2018-10-19)]
  
  Copyright 2017 The EB Garamond Project Authors
  (https://github.com/octaviopardo/EBGaramond12). This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is
  available with a FAQ at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [EB Garamond (v1.0 - 2017-10-29)]
  
  Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Noto Sans Brahmi (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans CanAborig (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans CaucAlban (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Duployan
  (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Elbasan (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Grantha
  (v2.0 - 2019-10-23), Noto Sans Hatran (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Javanese
  (v2.0 - 2018-12-20), Noto Sans Kannada (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Khojki
  (v2.0 - 2018-11-13), Noto Sans Khudawadi (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans
  Mahajani (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Malayalam (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto
  Sans Manichaean (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Modi (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto
  Sans Mro (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Multani (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto
  Sans Nabataean (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Newa (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto
  Sans OldHung (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans OldNorArab (v2.0 - 2018-10-19),
  Noto Sans Palmyrene (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans PsaPahlavi (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans Sharada (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans SoraSomp (v2.0
  - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Syriac (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans Takri (v2.0 -
  2018-10-19), Noto Sans Tirhuta (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Sans WarangCiti
  (v2.0 - 2018-10-19), Noto Serif Ahom (v2.001 - 2018-10-19), Noto Serif
  Tibetan (v2.0 - 2018-10-19)]
  
  Copyright 2019 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. #VALUE!.
  [Noto Sans HanifiRohg (v2.002 - 2019-10-23)]
  
  Copyright 2019 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Noto Sans (v2.002 - 2020-06-15), Noto Sans Gunjala Gondi (v1.001 -
  2019-10-24), Noto Sans Masaram Gondi (v1.0 - 2019-10-24), Noto Sans
  OldSogdian (v2.0 - 2019-10-23), Noto Sans Siddham (v2.001 - 2019-10-23), Noto
  Sans Sogdian (v2.0 - 2019-11-12), Noto Sans Soyombo (v2.0 - 2019-11-12), Noto
  Sans Tifinagh (v2.001 - 2019-10-23), Noto Sans Wancho (v2.0 - 2019-10-29),
  Noto Sans Zanabazar (v2.0 - 2019-10-23), Noto Serif Dogra (v1.0 -
  2019-10-24), Noto Serif Tangut (v2.001 - 2019-10-29)]
  
  Copyright 2019 Google LLC. All Rights Reserved. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Noto Sans Elymaic (v1.0 - 2020-03-18), Noto Serif Grantha (v2.0 -
  2020-03-19)]
  
  Copyright 2019 The Gelasio Project Authors
  (https://github.com/SorkinType/Gelasio). This Font Software is licensed under
  the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This license is available with a FAQ
  at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [Gelasio (v1.006 - 2019-11-18)]
  
  Copyright © 2012-2020 The Libertinus Project Authors. This Font Software is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Libertinus Sans (v6.11 - 2020-06-16)]
  
  Copyright © 2017 Adobe Systems Incorporated (http://www.adobe.com/). This
  Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This
  Font Software is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
  CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font
  License for the specific language, permissions and limitations governing your
  use of this Font Software.
  [Noto Serif JP (v1.001 - 2019-05-17), Noto Serif KR (v1.001 - 2019-05-17),
  Noto Serif SC (v1.001 - 2019-05-17), Noto Serif TC (v1.001 - 2019-05-17)]
  
  Copyright © 2019, Steinberg Media Technologies GmbH
  (http://www.steinberg.net/), with Reserved Font Name "Bravura". This font is
  licensed under the SIL Open Font License (http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).
  [Bravura Text (v1.277 - 2019-01-29)]
  
  Copyright ©2017-2020, Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com), with
  Reserved Font Name Kurinto._x000D_.
  [Kurinto Arte Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Book Core (v2.196 -
  2020-07-25), Kurinto Curv Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto News Core
  (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Roma Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Sans
  Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Seri Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto
  Text Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Type Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25)]
  
  Copyright ©2020 Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com), with Reserved
  Font Name CyfiCG. This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font
  License Version 1.1.
  [CyfiCG (v2.001 - 2020-07-09)]
  
  Copyright ©2020 Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com), with Reserved
  Font Name DrawCG. This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font
  License Version 1.1.
  [DrawCG 2816x2816 (v1.0 - 2020-07-16)]
  
  Copyright ©2020 Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com), with Reserved
  Font Name Egypt Format Controls. This Font Software is licensed under the SIL
  Open Font License Version 1.1.
  [Egypt Format Controls (v1.001 - 2020-03-29)]
  
  Copyright ©2020 Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com), with Reserved
  Font Name KCurv CG. This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font
  License Version 1.1.
  [KCurvCG (v1.0 - 2020-06-16)]
  
  Copyright ©2020 Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com), with Reserved
  Font Name MathSymCG. This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font
  License Version 1.1.
  [MathSymCG Multi1229 (v2.001 - 2020-05-11), MathSymCG Sans (v2.001 -
  2020-06-12), MathSymCG Serif (v10.23 - 2020-05-08)]
  
  Copyright ©2020 Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com), with Reserved
  Font Name TopCG. This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font
  License Version 1.1.
  [TopCG (v2.001 - 2020-07-15)]
  
  Copyright ©2020-2021, Clinton F. Goss (clint@goss.com, www.goss.com), with
  Reserved Font Name Sylphyo CG. _x000D_.
  [Sylphyo Finger Diagrams CG (v1.32 - 2021-02-15), Sylphyo Finger Diagrams Hzt
  CG (v1.32 - 2021-02-15)]
  
  Digitized data copyright 2012-2018, The Mozilla Foundation and Telefonica
  S.A., bBox Type GmbH and Carrois Corporate GbR, with Reserved Font Name
  "Fira". Licensed under the Open Font License, version 1.1 or later.
  [Fira Sans (v4.301 - 2018-03-20)]
  
  Portions copyright (c) 2010, Sebastian Kosch <sebastian@aldusleaf.org>.
  [Amiri Quran Colored (v0.112 - 1970-01-01)]
  
  Portions copyright (c) 2010, Sebastian Kosch <sebastian@aldusleaf.org>. This
  Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This
  Font Software is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
  CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font
  License for the specific language, permissions and limitations governing your
  use of this Font Software.
  [Amiri (v0.112 - 1970-01-01)]
  
  This Font Software is Copyright (c) 2000-2013, SIL International
  (http://scripts.sil.org/) with Reserved Font Names "Abyssinica" and "SIL".
  This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Abyssinica SIL (v1.5 - 2013-12-13)]
  
  This Font Software is Copyright (c) 2003-2014, SIL International
  (http://scripts.sil.org/). All Rights Reserved."Busra" is a Reserved Font
  Name for this Font Software. This Font Software is licensed under the SIL
  Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Khmer Busra (v7.1 - 2014-09-01)]
  
  This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License Version 1.1,
  which is included in this font file (in the 'name' table, field 13) and is
  also available with an FAQ at: http://scripts.sil.org/OFL.
  [Kurinto Arte Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Book Core (v2.196 -
  2020-07-25), Kurinto Curv Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto News Core
  (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Roma Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Sans
  Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Seri Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto
  Text Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Type Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25),
  Sylphyo Finger Diagrams CG (v1.32 - 2021-02-15), Sylphyo Finger Diagrams Hzt
  CG (v1.32 - 2021-02-15)]
  
  _x000D_.
  [Kurinto Arte Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Book Core (v2.196 -
  2020-07-25), Kurinto Curv Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto News Core
  (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Roma Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Sans
  Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Seri Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto
  Text Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25), Kurinto Type Core (v2.196 - 2020-07-25)]
  
  © 2014-2019 Adobe (http://www.adobe.com/). This Font Software is licensed
  under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1. This Font Software is
  distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied. See the SIL Open Font License for the
  specific language, permissions and limitations governing your use of this
  Font Software.
  [Noto Sans HK (v2.001 - 2019-05-17), Noto Sans JP (v2.001 - 2019-05-17)]
  
  © 2014–2019 Adobe (http://www.adobe.com/), with Reserved Font Name ‘Source’.
  This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
  [Source Han Mono (v1.002 - 2020-03-27), Source Han Mono HC (v1.002 -
  2020-03-27), Source Han Mono K (v1.002 - 2020-03-27), Source Han Mono SC
  (v1.002 - 2020-03-27), Source Han Mono TC (v1.002 - 2020-03-27)]


** Apache 2.0

This Font Software incorporates third-party Font Software packages that are
licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0, provided in the
License_Apache_v2.0.txt file, and that have these copyright statements:

  Copyright (c) 2012 Huerta Tipografia. Licensed under the Apache License,
  Version 2.0.
  [Caladea (v1.001 - 2013-02-11)]
  
  Copyright 2018 The Roboto Slab Project Authors
  (https://github.com/googlefonts/robotoslab).
  [Roboto Slab (v2.0 - 2019-11-11)]


** CC-BY-3.0-UNP

The documentation for this Font Software incorporates material that is licensed
under the Creative Commons Attribution Unported License, version 3.0, provided
in the License_CC_BY_3.0_UNP.txt file, and that has this copyright statement:

  The content of this site is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution
  3.0 Unported License.
  [Choose an open source license / SIL Open Font License 1.1
  (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/ofl-1.1/)]


** CC-BY-4.0

This Font Software incorporates a third-party Font Software package that is
licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution International License, version
4.0. This license is provided in the License_CC_BY_4.0_INT.txt file. The
copyright statement associated with that third-party Font Software package is:

  License: CC-BY-4.0 International. This font follows Creative Commons
  Licensing Policy, as such it respects its aspects, disclaimer and policies.
  Each logo must point to their respective license on Creative Commons server.
  [Creative Commons (v1.0 - 2020-05-28)]


** CC0-1.0

The documentation for this Font Software incorporates materials that are
licensed under the Creative Commons Legal Code CC0 1.0 Universal, version 1.0.
This license is provided in the License_CC0_1.0_UNI.txt file. This copyright
statement is associated with those materials:

  Typography terms defined in English and translated by our community into many
  languages. The content of this section is available under Public Domain
  Dedication (CC0 1.0).
  [Typography Guru (https://typography.guru/)]


** Custom Permissive Licenses

Kurinto incorporates third-party Font Software packages that have these
declarations: 

  2008-2019 Umihotaru. Feel free to use for your creative works and other
  purposes. Vi rajtas uzi por viaj kreaj verkoj kaj aliaj celoj.
  [Nishiki-teki (v3.0 - 2019-08-22)]
  
  Unicode Fonts for Ancient Scripts; George Douros; 2017. In lieu of a licence;
  fonts in this site are free for any use; George Douros.
  [Abydos (v1.96 - 2017-12-17), Akkadian (v7.17 - 2017-01-23), Analecta (v5.17
  - 2017-01-23), Nilus (v6.54 - 2018-01-09), Symbola (v10.23 - 2017-12-01)]
  
  Unicode Fonts for Ancient Scripts; George Douros; 2018. In lieu of a licence;
  fonts in this site are free for any use; George Douros.
  [Aegean (v9.81 - 2018-01-08), Anatolian (v5.67 - 2018-01-09)]


** FontAwesome

This Font Software incorporates a third-party Font Software package that is
licensed under the FontAwesome License, provided in the License_FontAwesome.txt
file, and that has this copyright statement:

  Copyright (c) Font Awesome.
  [Font Awesome 5 Brands Regular (v329.729 - 2019-03-21), Font Awesome 5 Free
  Regular (v329.729 - 2019-03-21), Font Awesome 5 Free Solid (v329.729 -
  2019-03-21)]


** GlyphWiki

This Font Software incorporates a third-party Font Software package that is
licensed under the GlyphWiki License, provided in the License_GlyphWiki.txt
file, and that has this copyright statement:

  Copyright (c) 2013, GlyphWiki Project (kamichi@ic.daito.ac.jp), with Reserved
  Font Name "Hanazono Font", "HanaMinA", "HanaMinB", "花園フォント", "花園明朝A", and
  "花園明朝B". Created by GlyphWiki. (http://glyphwiki.org/). グリフウィキで作成されました。
  (http://glyphwiki.org/). The Hanazono font is dual-licensed under the
  Hanazono Font License and the Open Font License.
  [HanaMinA <花園明朝A> (v1.0 - 2017-08-31), HanaMinB <花園明朝B> (v1.0 - 2017-08-30)]


** Hack

This Font Software incorporates third-party Font Software packages that are
licensed under the Hack v3.003 License, provided in the License_Hack_v3.003.txt
file, and that have these copyright statements:

  Bitstream Vera Sans Mono Copyright 2003 Bitstream Inc. and licensed under the
  Bitstream Vera License with Reserved Font Names "Bitstream" and "Vera".
  [Hack (v3.003 - 2018-03-06)]
  
  The work in the DejaVu project was committed to the public domain.
  [Hack (v3.003 - 2018-03-06)]
  
  The work in the Hack project is Copyright 2018 Source Foundry Authors and
  licensed under the MIT License.
  [Hack (v3.003 - 2018-03-06)]


** Hanazono

This Font Software incorporates a third-party Font Software package that is
licensed under the Hanazono License, provided in the License_Hanazono.txt file,
and that has this copyright statement:

  Copyright (c) 2013, GlyphWiki Project (kamichi@ic.daito.ac.jp), with Reserved
  Font Name "Hanazono Font", "HanaMinA", "HanaMinB", "花園フォント", "花園明朝A", and
  "花園明朝B". Created by GlyphWiki. (http://glyphwiki.org/). グリフウィキで作成されました。
  (http://glyphwiki.org/). The Hanazono font is dual-licensed under the
  Hanazono Font License and the Open Font License.
  [HanaMinA <花園明朝A> (v1.0 - 2017-08-31), HanaMinB <花園明朝B> (v1.0 - 2017-08-30)]


** MPlus

This Font Software incorporates a third-party Font Software package that is
licensed under the MPlus Font License, provided in the License_MPlus.txt file,
and that has this copyright statement:

  Copyright(c) 2017 M+ FONTS PROJECT. This font is free software. Unlimited
  permission is granted to use, copy, and distribute it, with or without
  modification, either commercially or noncommercially. THIS FONT IS PROVIDED
  "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY.
  [M+ 1mn (v1.063 - 2017-10-25)]


** OFL 1.1 (Documentation)

The documentation for this Font Software incorporates material that is licensed
under the SIL Open Font License Version 1.1, provided in the
License_OFL_v1.1.txt file, and that has this copyright statement:

  © 2014–2019 Adobe (http://www.adobe.com/), with Reserved Font Name ‘Source’.
  [Source Han Mono (https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-han-mono)]


** PD: Public Domain Declaration

Kurinto incorporates a third-party Font Software package that has this
declaration, placing the content in the Public Domain: 

  Public Domain 2005.
  [MPH 2B Damase <MPH 2B 大媽賊, MPH 2B ダマセ, MPH 2B 다마세, MPH 2B 大妈贼> (v1.0 -
  2005-10-18)]
